[SWOOSH]
[MUSIC PLAYING]
[STATIC]
>> This war on consciousness
is going on in the planet right
now.
And the Galactic
Federation has certainly
been wanting to help
humanity, without interfering,
by helping a lot of souls
that have done this before.
The old souls, sometimes
the battle-weary warriors
coming back again
for another mission
to be down here on
Earth, shining the light.
The lightworkers, the
starseeds are here
to help lift the
collective consciousness.
But really what that means
on a day-to-day basis
is we've got to
do the inner work.
We've got to go in there
through those soul contracts
that we signed up for
right at the beginning,
probably thinking, oh,
no, what have I got myself
into again when
we saw what we had
to feel as we go through
this life, when you think,
oh my goodness.
But if you're going
to clear that and then
go on to help with this
shift in consciousness
during the time of
ascension, day to day
it's about clearing
those childhood traumas.
It's about identifying
those subconscious,
underlying false beliefs that
we may have about ourselves,
getting the physical vessel
that our soul is inhabiting
in its highest
vibrational state so
that then the light can shine.
[RUMBLING]
>> Awakenings
happen all the time,
but they always happen
differently for everyone.
And my awakening happened
when I got triggered by Pete,
the masculine, and I moved out.
One night I was putting
the kids to bed,
and Pete was out with a
friend in the kitchen,
having a couple of
wines and talking.
Not being that loud, but in my
head, I was getting triggered.
I was feeling frustrated
that I could hear them,
and I couldn't
sleep, and he wasn't
helping me put the kids to bed.
And he actually
did nothing wrong,
but I was just
getting so triggered
by the masculine energy.
And I didn't know
what was going on.
I thought, oh my god,
I'm going to move out,
and that'll solve it.
So I wanted to exit,
and that's what I did.
The very next day, I packed
the bags and I said, it's over.
And I moved out [LAUGHS]
down to a local beach.
And I hired a unit on the beach.
So for seven days I sat on
the beach with the kids,
and I just prayed to god.
I prayed to anything that
would listen and help
me understand what the
heck was going on with me.
I wasn't actually
religious growing up.
We didn't go to church or pray
over dinner before eating,
or anything like that.
But I believe there
was a something that
created this universe,
that made us all,
and maybe that's something
would hear my call for help.
And that it did.
Not long after, I went back to
the unit, made the kids lunch.
And on Facebook, this girl
was talking about awakening.
And that word just completely
activated me again.
And I rang her and I said,
hey, this is what's going on.
And she explained to me,
you're having an awakening.
And I was like,
what does that mean?
And then all of a
sudden, I understood
why I was having these
emotional breakdowns, why
my anxiety, my stress, my
panic attacks were coming out,
why I was getting
triggered by Pete,
the masculine, the beautiful
husband that I had.
It wasn't him.
That was just the
surface level triggering
deep-rooted emotional trauma
and density from my childhood.
So after that conversation,
I realized, oh, OK.
I don't need to
break up with Pete.
It's actually not his fault.
So I moved back into the house.
And Pete and I
had a chat, and we
realized that I was
having this awakening.
And that actually moved him into
having his awakening as well.
And we realized that
there was a synchronicity,
that we were having
this awakening together
to go through this
journey together and heal
in this divine union.
>> So once we'd started
on this awakening journey,
we found that we were
led to Costa Rica.
And we were led to doing
ayahuasca and plant medicine
and seeing how these beautiful
teacher plants, these plant
spirits could help us to
connect to ourselves more.
>> And Pete and I went on a
journey to discover our soul
and merge back with our
soul, heal our heart,
and realized that we're
here for a big, big mission.
>> Little did we realize that
ayahuasca's actually spiritually
a little bit like putting
yourself in a slingshot
and getting slung
into your healing.
Because while things can
sometimes gently unfold,
ayahuasca is a way of having
a lot unfold quite quickly.
So it was confronting, but we
immediately noticed the results.
It puts your brain into this
beautiful altered state.
And often, people
talk about how when
the brain is in this
heightened state of awareness,
they feel support.
They feel the guidance
of mother ayahuasca.
But often, other angelic beings
from other realms, light beings
or Christ consciousness can come
through and connect to a person,
helping the person to
heal, to clear density,
to become a higher vibrational
expression of themselves
and offer suggestions
on how they
can live their life with
more purpose and fulfillment.
I certainly found
in that experience,
what I was doing in my life at
that moment wasn't my purpose.
It wasn't helping me to really
fulfill my mission as to why
I was here on the planet.
And as I got guided
more through that higher
state of consciousness,
the more I
realized that I was going
to be creating shifts
in my life because
of that experience.
>> Mother ayahuasca
is like the teacher,
and she shows you
who you've become.
So for me, that was
very confronting.
She was showing me
and playing back
a movie of the person
that I'd become,
walking around with
stress, anxiety,
carrying these big piles
of wood on my shoulders
and carrying all these children
up this massive mountain.
And I was looking at
it going, oh my god.
I'm controlling everything.
I'm a scared little girl
underneath all of that.
But I was in my
masculine energy.
I wasn't in my beautiful mother
divine, heart center place.
>> But certainly showed me who
I'd become through my life.
And I just knew on that plane
flight home we didn't want to go
back to our normal
3D businesses.
We didn't want this
to just be something
that was a nice experience,
but life goes on like normal.
>> It was a bigger soul contract
where we were going to help heal
other souls.
We were going to bridge
the gap between this planet
and the galactic
and start to elevate
the frequency of the planet
for the Great Awakening.
>> And I had an amazing
experience in Rythmia
and on the plant medicine
with the Pleiades.
I used to go out and look at the
stars and feel that connection,
feel like that was
home, that there
was some unexplainable
connection to that star system.
And then of course, having
the blue Pleiadian being
come through to me in my
journey and the realization
of this connection to
an imaginary friend
I had as a little boy, and
how when I split from my soul
at five, that blue
Pleiadian being
was comforting me through
that traumatic experience.
So that beautiful bliss
state that I experienced
through the connection
of ayahuasca,
I have since found I can
still connect into that
and still experience those
higher rates of vibration
through other modalities,
such as deep meditation,
such as ice baths.
I love breathwork,
the ability to be
able to connect through
yoga or Kriya yoga
and stimulating the Kundalini.
There are many different
ways that people
can access even
from their own home
this ability to be
able to get to higher
states of consciousness through
the raising of the vibration.
And when a person sets that
intention to balance themselves
as a four-part being and
commits to a spiritual practice
with the intention
behind it, we all
have this ability to be
able to heal and connect
to so much more.
[WIND CHIMES]
[WIND BLOWING]
>> On the plane home
I was meditating,
and the Pleiadians started
communicating with me.
And I was like, oh my god.
Are aliens even real?
But it was so clear and
precise, these messages.
And they looked humanoid in my
visions, in my meditation state.
And the colors were
like normal people.
And they kept saying, we're
from the Pleiades, remember?
You're going to
have the awakening,
and we were going to
connect in with you.
And we're going to help guide
you and heal and move you
into higher states
of consciousness.
And then we're going to be
here for the mission, remember?
>> When Roxy started
to come through saying,
I just had this deep meditation.
There were Pleiadians
coming through.
And initially I
was like, oh, wow.
That's really interesting.
And then it would
happen again and again.
And I was starting
to think, what's
going on here with these
beings coming through to her?
>> Oh my god.
What are people going to
think of us, talking to ETs?
We've just done plant medicine.
Now we're talking
to ETs, you know?
>> And weird things were
happening with our electronics,
and things were shutting off
and freezing and malfunctioning.
And she was starting to notice
almost nightly connections
to these beings.
And she's saying,
I feel like they're
wanting to connect with me.
I wonder what this means.
And it was quite confronting
because a little bit of this I
could kind of
handle, but this was
starting to become a part of
our regular conversations.
And for me, quite
confronting as to what
this connection with
aliens regularly
really was going to mean.
>> So this was all really
crazy and really out there,
so it was our little secret.
But they just kept
coming through,
and it was beautiful energy.
And they were, like,
helping and nice and kind.
And the feeling that we
received in our hearts
was just this divine
love, like they're
a spark of the divine
like us humans.
And they're here for the
greater good, to help everyone,
to heal, to return
to connection.
And they just kept
coming to me naturally.
And my free will was
like, OK, what is this?
And I wanted-- and
I set the intention
to connect more to them.
I wanted to do this and
learn more about this.
They will never come in and
infringe on our free will.
We have to want to connect to
this frequency, these beings,
and learn and grow.
As the Pleiadians
kept coming to me,
I was invited to go up to this
starship in 5D consciousness.
It's a physical starship
where I would remote
view my consciousness,
take my light body,
my soul up there in
these meditative states.
And when I got up there, there
was this med bed technology.
And I couldn't
understand why they
were showing me all of this.
So every day, I'd go up
there into this frequency,
and I'd be shown more and more
about my childhood, my pain,
my root causes, because
the energy of the med bed
would highlight these densities,
these shadows in my lower energy
centers, in my heart system.
And flashbacks and
visions would be
given to me of where I
split from my soul, where
all this drama with
my father came,
with the unhappy girl,
why I was suffering
from panic attacks and anxiety.
It all was these energy flows
back into the childhood.
And all of a sudden, you
start to open your heart
and feel this pain
and these layers
start to become
more evident to you.
And they start stripping off.
And it can be such an emotional
thing going through that journey
because you see where
you split from your soul,
and where it happened, and why
we were here in the first place.
The trigger of Pete
activating my awakening
was the trigger of my
father being an alcoholic,
abusing my mother,
and me witnessing
all of this in my
early childhood years.
>> On a day-to-day basis,
guys, it can be a tough road.
And for myself
observing Roxy going
through the clearing of her
childhood traumas and her pain,
it can be very confronting.
>> For me, my story--
this all started before I was
even born into this world.
I was in my mother's stomach.
And one night on Christmas
Eve, my father, the masculine,
was drunk, drinking, and
got arrested by the police.
And there was this mad
rage through our house,
which I was experiencing
inside my mother's womb.
The police were in the house.
I was feeling this anger.
This environment was
soaking into my soul,
and I soaked it all up
like a sponge, you know?
The environment was rocky.
There was no foundation.
So I was constantly
feeling scared.
He'd be running around.
At one time, I remember he broke
all the windows in the house
and we were locked
in the bedroom.
And then when he went
quiet and went down
the other end of
the house, my mother
quickly ran us out to be free.
And these situations were
happening over and over
and over, so all of
that conditioning
got impressed in my being.
And I'm very
sensitive, so it really
did scar me and my energies
and my emotional body.
Not long after that, my
mother did get us out of there
and drove us away.
But unfortunately, we landed
in another negative situation
with masculine.
And the stepfather that she
was in a relationship with
started to sexually
abuse me and my sisters.
So my father's
drinking increased,
and he then went and
committed suicide.
And so I didn't grow up
with a father after that.
>> What it looks like to see
someone going through this
healing and clearing
these emotional,
these mental blocks and this
density that the person may
have, what it looks like is it's
actually really confronting.
And it can bring up things
within yourself as well.
Like, I know that when I used to
hear Roxy crying in the bedroom,
going through her
childhood things.
And I'd walk into
the room and I'd
see the mascara smeared
all over the pillow,
or I'd peer into the
bathroom and she's
slumped on the floor of the
shower, crying her eyes out.
Like, sobbing deeply.
And like, the first reaction
is to want to go in there.
As a male, you want to
make everything better.
You want to take the pain away.
It's what we're often
programmed to do.
We get taught to
do that for people,
not allowing them to
go into their process.
>> Whoa.
Yeah, so that's
probably why Pete and I
have been given this
role of all these things
that have happened to be
that example for others,
to inspire others to actually
go there, to look at this stuff
and to be that example.
We got through it, and
we can talk about it now,
and others can too.
>> That's what the spiritual
awakening process looks like
when you're clearing
that density.
And it was challenging
to navigate it.
But luckily, I was navigating
the same things for myself.
And the more I became aware
of this whole process--
which is why we're talking
about this, to make you aware--
the more I became aware of the
process, the more listening
to someone cry, listening
to Roxy truly sob,
or sometimes even I
would hear a scream
or she'd wake up in the
night and be all upset,
the more I was at
peace with it because I
realized she was healing.
That's what healing looked like.
That density needs to come out.
It needs to clear because
it's getting released.
And eventually, it turned
into quite a beautiful thing.
Now we can be very
open with one another
about expressing our
emotions or expressing what
might be coming up within us.
And the shedding of
tears is no longer
something which is
upsetting, so to speak.
It's something which
we do not avoid.
We almost embrace it.
We almost look now for the
unhealed parts of ourselves
because it's trying to show
us last traces of density
to clear, false beliefs that
we still need to work on,
or of course, those things that
you've worked on five times
before, and they just
show their head again
for you to feel all over again.
[LOW RUMBLING]
[BIRDS SINGING]
So for my four-part
being, my physical body
was being affected.
By the age of 19, I
had ovarian cancer,
which I had to get
surgically removed.
And that was in
my sacral chakra,
all that suppressed emotion
from my early childhood.
And that energy of that sexual
energy from the stepfather
was being produced
in the sacral.
So it manifested on the
physical level inside my body.
So that energy, that density of
that emotion had gone in there
and materialized.
I also had major anxiety.
I had a bladder issue.
So the bladder issue
and the anxiety issue
was because I didn't feel safe.
So the environment that I was
in as a child, it wasn't safe.
I was walking
around on eggshells.
There was banging and noises and
yelling and screaming happening.
And not only that
on the outside.
On the inside in the womb,
I'd split from my soul
because I was so
scared of where I was.
Where was I?
Before I came into this world
I was in a nice, loving,
blissful state, and then I
anchored into this 3D body
and this low vibration, and
I didn't know where I was.
So instantly, I felt scared that
I'd arrived at the wrong place.
>> It's almost
like in hindsight,
what you know about how these
emotional injuries and these
false beliefs
manifest themselves,
you see things later.
I remember when
I first met Roxy,
she'd never go to sleep
without me or her checking
that every single window
in the house was closed,
all the doors were locked.
>> And we'd get into bed,
and then I'd go, oh, Pete,
can you go and check the
doors and windows in case
I've forgotten one?
And you know, I grew
up feeling scared,
so that was my conditioning,
feeling scared constantly.
Couldn't be at home by myself.
And I had to double check,
make sure all the doors
and windows were locked.
>> Because that feeling of
not being safe was manifesting
itself out.
The underlying issues to do with
anxiety used to drive me crazy,
particularly how it made her
bladder sensitive, [LAUGHS]
if you know what I mean.
It's like, we couldn't
drive too far down the road
without needing to stop
for a toilet break.
>> I'd pee before we'd leave
the house, wherever we went.
>> Or if we went to the airport,
we'd need to pee before she
left.
>> Halfway to the
airport, at the airport.
>> Go through security, check
the bags in, get to the other
side.
Just before you board to get
on the plane, we'd better pee.
>> And then as soon as the
seatbelt light went off,
I'd up and be in
the toilet again.
[LAUGHS]
>> It's like, I learned very
quickly to not take the aisle
seat, let her have that,
because she's going to pee
in uncomfortable situations.
Well, buried within
her, the poor soul,
was all these things
from her childhood
where she was constantly on
edge, constantly nervous.
So it manifests itself
in claustrophobia.
It manifests itself in
nervousness and anxiety
in unfamiliar situations,
because inside
was her brain and her whole
system going into panic,
going into coping,
going into shutdown
because that response
was buried in her
from those traumas as a child.
[LOW RUMBLING]
[DING]
>> So the Pleiadians are here
to help us from the inside out.
They're not going to
do the work for us.
What we've realized
is they're our guides.
They're our big
brothers and sisters,
encouraging us from
this higher vibrational
dimension on this starship
where we can all access
and remote view our
consciousness and our soul,
our light body up there, for
the healings, for the wisdom.
But we have to connect
to that four-part being.
And in particular,
the emotional engine.
So clearing the emotion
and opening up the heart.
That is what they're
here to help us and guide
us to do so we can elevate
our frequency and be free.
>> So as Roxy started connecting
with the Pleiadians more
and more, and going up to the
ship and working on herself,
and getting the Pleiadians to
work on me and other members
of the family, eventually
just in passing,
a complete stranger said,
I'd like to experience that.
And Roxy did her very first
med bed session with this guy
and took his light
body up to the ship.
And he was so delighted.
He was so happy.
And what we've got
to the point now
is we teach people how to
do that for themselves.
And this ability to be able
to connect, clear, heal,
and then connect more to who
we really are and to the divine
is something that everybody has
the ability to be able to do.
>> So after we started dropping
the density and healing through
those layers, we started
elevating our frequency
and seeing higher and
higher dimensional beings.
We're able to move
easily to this starship.
And the Pleiadians were like,
well, this is not only for you
guys.
Everyone can access this
information and this healing
modality, and come and
communicate with us
and meet their star family.
And they were encouraging
us to share this information
on this planet.
And that is what
we're doing now.
So everyone can access this.
This is not only for us.
Everyone can access
this vibration,
communicate telepathically
with these beautiful brothers
and sisters from the stars,
and use this med bed technology
to elevate themselves,
heal, and return to love.
The planet and the
souls on the planet
are all in their
masculine because
of the uncertainty in life.
Feeling scared, vulnerable,
stressed, anxiety.
All of that is covered then
with this blanket, this facade
of this strong warrior.
But it's too heavy weighted in
the masculine, which has dropped
the density on the planet.
So now we're here for
the Great Awakening.
We're all to heal
and return back
into balance, which is the
masculine and the feminine.
And through this
journey, I've certainly
moved back into my
divine feminine, which
has been really, really
nice, enjoying motherhood,
being a female, being
looked after and cuddled
like a little girl.
It's all moving yourself
back into that love state
that we all need to move back
into to balance this planet out
and to raise the vibration
of humanity together.
When we move into
our divine feminine,
we become more vulnerable.
We're not in our ego defending
and protecting ourselves.
We're feeling our emotions.
We're learning to trust
again, to connect again,
to open that heart and
that soft part of us.
And we start to just really
enjoy life and connect in
our marriages once
again, with our children.
And the planet is just starting
to flourish now because there's
beauty and love and connection.
>> This guidance from the
Galactic Federation for humanity
to help themselves from the
inside out is actually really
the divine wisdom behind this
Pleiadian med bed process.
It's because as people
clear their traumas,
as they clear those
false beliefs,
as we raise our vibration, that
vibration has a ripple effect.
What we're doing
is we're raising
the vibration of the
collective consciousness.
>> We're vibrating together
as a human collective back
into the divine feminine,
back into the masculine.
But now it's balanced
for the Great Awakening.
>> There is that saying.
The rising tide lifts
all of the boats.
As we connect and we heal
ourselves as individuals,
you become like
that rising tide,
helping to lift the
consciousness of the collective
on the planet.
And of course, supporting
Pachamama, Mother Gaia, as she
shifts and she changes.
And this is that
time of ascension.
[INTENSE MUSIC]
In an experience to the
ship, the med bed technology
will highlight the
root causal problems
in their field for us to heal
and let go of or forgive.
>> The energy of the ship is
very much an energy of being
warmly welcomed.
It's because the
density of being human
is actually a lot
further removed
from that light body, that
oneness, and that unity
that we actually would expect.
It is a big shift in frequency.